Nutritional Data:

Carbohydrates are important for you. Pasta, bread,

Protein is important for you skinless poultry, eggs, fat-free cottage cheese, whey protein, fish, and lean red meat-especially if you're new to weight lifting.

Fat: Moderation is everything, folks. While a pound a day of bacon fat may not get you into the octogenarian club (or the Mile High Club, since fat keeps testosterone levels elevated), 20 to 25 percent of fat from macronutrients like olive oil, nuts, avocado, and fish oils just might.

Vitamin E:
While wheat germ and almonds are great sources of vitamin E.

Vitamin C:
Load up on fruits and veggies, and you won't have an issue. But if eating fruit is like pulling teeth, take 250-500 mg/day to make up for it.

B-vitamins: The B-vitamins (six in all), are all crucial for energy metabolism. This does not mean B-vitamins provide energy to the body, but rather that they are necessary for energy conversions and such within the body. These do become more important as we age, since our ability to absorb some, like B12, decreases as we get older. Try a B-complex or one of the "adult" multivitamins on the market with higher doses of this group of vitamins.

Whey Protein: A great source of high quality protein that's now been shown through several studies to contain a number of powerful antioxidants. Shoot for a minimum of 20 grams/day (about one scoop). It's great in a post-workout shake!

Fish Oil: A nice compact dose of omega-3's (found in salmon and other fatty fish) is great for the 'ol ticker! Shoot for one to two grams per day and add fish to your diet too.

Selenium: An essential mineral that has been shown through more studies than I can count on two hands to reduce the risk of total mortality from cancers. Some quality multivitamins provide 200 mcg. If not, consider throwing this one down the gullet too.

Alpha Lipoic Acid: Arguably the best antioxidant available. This is the only one that's both water and fat-soluble. It also helps rejuvenate other antioxidants, like Vitamins C and E. Studies show about 100 mg should do, unless you have diabetes, then higher doses may be warranted.